Summary of experiences
I was born and brought in a conservative south Indian family in Mumbai (Bombay), India with my parents having migrated very early in their life from Kerala to Mumbai to make a living. We were a very close nit family, rich in intellect & values and from the very beginning were taught to study hard, work hard and always deliver to what we committed and make our parents proud. I completed my graduation in Engineering in June 2000 post which I started my career as a technical associate in Spectramind, the first call center in India. I learnt a lot about how to communicate to a customer, how to keep customers interest as supreme & exceed customers’ expectations. My learnings in my first job silently imbibed in me to always keep customer first which till today has been my mantra for success.
I completed my Master’s degree, a two year post graduate program, in Finance in year 2004 and started my post Master’s career in Treasury operations for a small bank in India. I then moved on to work with Dun & Bradstreet (D&B) as a Senior risk consultant providing Risk Management advisory services to banks in Middle East & Africa. In 2010, I moved to Dubai and led a team to provide Risk management consulting services for banks in Nigeria. In my five (5) years of consulting experience at D&B I dealt with multiple levels of the customer, solutionised multiple issues and dealt with both easy and tough customers. Although an enriching experience at D&B, I felt that I needed to see through the recommendations & hence decided to move to the implementation side and joined Oracle Financial services (OFS) in 2011 as a Principal consultant. At Oracle for a large Middle East based bank, I implemented in a span of 18 months, six (6) risk applications and was instrumental in getting the bank go-live for their risk regulatory reporting. My stint at Oracle taught me to see through the practical aspects of implementing recommendations and I earned many scar tissues during the course and gained rich insights during all stages of the implementation. In 2013, I joined Protiviti Risk Advisory Services as a Regional Manager & I led multiple risk and audit projects across Middle East where I was able to incorporate my implementation experiences. Protiviti was also my first foray into a leadership role & was responsible for generating & executing over 2MN USD consulting business in the Middle East. My experience at Protiviti made me realize that people management skills was my greatest strength as I successfully led a team of over 10 risk professionals, who were from top B schools, for executing various risk & audit projects.
After re-joining Oracle in late 2014 & playing the role of solution architect, I was offered the role to lead professional services sales for JAPAC region, It was a tough choice to make, as I was well settled in my role, but I decided to change this status quo as I believed that it would yield great experience to my career. In my first year of sales, I generated over US$4M (20% over target) in bookings, including a consulting booking of US$3.5M for Bank of Tokyo & Mitsubishi, our first product & services sales in Japan. In my second year (2017) of sales, I closed deals with major banks generating US$17M (160% over target) which included a 5MN USD risk and finance transformation deal for the largest bank in Thailand. As part of my sales experience I learnt that being true and genuine & willingness to spend time with a customer, enabled to create a strong trust and always led to better results. I also learnt to be proactive and nimble enables one to be faster than the competition. 
The Risk & Finance transformation program at the Thai bank did not start well & hence I was asked to take over the program to get it back in shape. My management felt that since I ran the entire sales effort the customer would have all the trust in me to deliver the program. It was an important decision for me to make as I was doing well in sales but having spent a lot of time with the customer, I felt it was paramount that I win back customers trust & successfully deliver the program. In  three (3) months I was able to get the program back on track and was able to deliver the Regulatory reporting module on time which enabled the bank to save over US$ 10MN on new license fees and avoid any penalty fees to the regulator. In my leadership role, I had a team of 25 resources running the program and my prior knowledge of the customer and people management skills enabled me to deliver the program. As part of the new role I learnt about how to keep customers interest paramount, not losing sight of the goal that needed to be achieved, bringing people with varied skills together to achieve a common goal, planning resource requirements & managing revenue & margin expectations. The decision to move to delivery lead was a pivotal moment of my career and it redefined the confidence in me to take up leadership roles. 
In 2018, after a good 5 years with Oracle, I joined Capgemini, a consulting & technology services organization, to head their Business consulting & implementation services for their Banking & Technology Transformation group. It is a leadership role requiring me to provide solutions to enable technology driven business transformations for banks and financial services in the areas of risk & finance analytical applications. As part of my role, I manage a team of over 50 resources & support various initiatives across the globe. Continuous innovation has been the vision we have and as part of the same I have enabled to diversify our partners, create multiple accelerators which has helped us differentiate our organization from other service providers. 
Cultural Diversity Experiences
Culture influences the way we see the world and Diversity of thought breeds creativity & thus drives innovation.  Over the last 15 years I have worked with customers and teams from various countries like India, UAE, Kuwait, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria, Singapore, Thailand, Philippines, Japan & Australia. Working across cultures has been truly enriching allowing me to learn about perspectives & traditions from around the world & exposing me to new skills & approaches to work and expand my international network. 
One such experience that has influenced me a lot is the time I spent in Japan, during my 9-month sales cycle for Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi where we were pitching for license and implementation services for a packaged Risk regulatory reporting product. Japanese customers traditionally build rather than buy products & hence selling a packaged product required more than selling features & functionality. Very early in my sales cycle, I realized that being a foreigner representing a foreign entity in a Japanese market was difficult. I conducted multiple product walkthrough sessions, with an international team, presenting to the bank but after spending significant time with our team, the bank asked us to partner with a local firm for implementing the applications. I was surprised with this decision as it would have only increased the total cost of ownership for the bank. I discussed with our local team the rationale behind the customers decision and understood that it was all about trust. During all our sales presentations we never brought in a local team to interact with the bank. The experience helped me grasp the importance of trust and commitment in Japan and how crucial it is for Japanese firms to interact with Japanese vendors. There is still a lack of trust for foreigners and foreign vendors in the country. As a result, I realized it is important to work closely with the local team and spend more time to build trust between the two parties. 
I also witnessed first-hand the reality of the long working hours. After a crucial meeting with the bank on performance of the application which started at 6PM and ended at 11.30PM, we had to complete some items to present to the bank the very next day. Our Japanese counterparts advised us to return to the office. Arguing that it would be better to work with a fresh mind the following morning, I was told that our client requested a morning meeting. Puzzled by why my counterparts accepted such request, I understood that, in Japan, employees will never refuse a customer’s request & absolute commitment to fulfill a customer’s request is supreme to anything else. 
